Cleaning up changelog known issues (#4260)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

 - Added new websocket events ``thread_updated``, ``thread_follow_changed``, and ``thread_read_changed``.
 
### Known Issues

>  - The config.json may reset itself to default values if the binary is run with the root user. [MM-32234](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32234)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `config.json` may reset itself to default values if the binary is run with the root user. [MM-32234](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32234)
```

 - Reddit link previews no longer work in Mattermost. [MM-31899](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-31899)
 - **Discard Changes** confirmation is not displayed when a System Admin adds people on the **System Roles** System Console page and clicks elsewhere before saving the changes. [MM-29927](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-29927)
 - Error text is missing when the team name is left blank on the team creation page. [MM-31361](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-31361)
 - Posts created by bots containing attachments sometimes appear as repeated until the user refreshes the page. [MM-30980](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-30980)
 - Emoji counter in the center channel doesn't always update immediately when a reaction is added in the right-hand side. [MM-31994](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-31994)
 - Slow typing has been experienced when the channel sidebar has many channels. [MM-30407](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-30407)
 - The new experimental sidebar occasionally loses custom categories. [MM-30314](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-30314)

>  - Slack theme import fails due to an altered formatting of Slack export colour schemes. [MM-30531](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-30531)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Slack theme import fails due to an altered formatting of Slack export color schemes. [MM-30531](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-30531)
```

>  - Slack theme import fails due to an altered formatting of Slack export colour schemes. [MM-30531](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-30531)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Slack theme import fails due to changes in formatting of Slack export colour schemes. [MM-30531](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-30531)
```

 - A JavaScript error may appear in some cases when dismissing the new messages toast while scrolled up in the right-hand side. [MM-30446](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-30446)

>  - The **Admin Filter** option is not disabled on the AD/LDAP page for admin roles with the ``sysconsole_write_authentication`` permission. [MM-29089](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-29089)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The **Admin Filter** option is not disabled on the AD/LDAP page for Admin roles with the ``sysconsole_write_authentication`` permission. [MM-29089](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-29089)
```
